what's up all you dirty little glitches
out there its core man and I'm here with
an awesome video for GTA 5 online now in
this video I'm going to be showing you
how to get inside pretty much any
building in the content creator so you
can set up death matches pretty much
anywhere now this is one match I or one
map I made a guess it's called fiv
brainwash basically um the story behind
it is they have you and they're
interrogating you and they started
dosing you with all these weird drugs so
we go to this weird confusing place it's
a really crazy trip don't know what's
going on but it just like brings you
back to all the you know Street warfare
and all the crimes and all the bullshit
and from the past all the GTA Grand
Theft Auto you know like cars you stole
you know it's just complete chaos you
can't see them or you know that you've
always gotta like look behind you watch
your back and that's just how the life
you live because you are that way and
that's the more about our the story
behind this map I made and looks just an
example of what you can make so I'm
gonna show you how to get in pretty much
any building the first one is hospital
and you can set up maps and pretty much
any of these buildings some of them are
kind of small so it's tricky to if you
do but to do that all you have to do is
come in the contact reader and you have
to position the circle of like this and
what you'll do is press the back button
and that'll actually put you back in
your character all mode and from the
character mode you can set up the map
so you got a position in about here on
the third story of the building and
obviously like in a lot of my lips
videos i'm not the best glitcher i used
to be back in the day we all used to be
pretty intense but nowadays i do what i
can get it all you know sitting but on
sleeves position it right here after
that you'll appear right up in the
building and then you're free to make
the map yeah I'm loving this big house
music it's like that it's like the
mainstream electronic music nowadays so
next what's fib building and as you just
solved the hospital's down there so you
just gotta fly out from the hospital and
you can see the FIB sign on the side all
you gotta do is bring circle down to the
door put about half way through kind of
in the middle just position it like I do
and you should get it and then press
back after you get press back you'll
appear inside the building it'll load up
the inside what you're gonna do now is
you're gonna run all the way through and
once you get to the elevator you can
fall down the shaft when you go to the
shaft a little it'll bring you all the
way down to the lobby which is unloaded
and that is actually where I made the
map in the FIB brainwash mission I have
oh and by the way if y'all want to play
that mission feel free to comment and I
will publish that and it's already
published on a secondary account but
i'll publish it and i'll post it for
y'all to play um yeah and also if you're
wanting to know how i'm using character
i'm using
in the content creator it's like from
the prologues all you got to do is go to
the prologue and go straight to the
content creator and GT online and you'll
start using this guy instead of your GT
online character so um that's that well
let's take a little dive down in the
shaft of hell I can never fucking heads
I'm dragging along the wall huh so you
fall right through and you don't dine
this mode since just create a mode after
that you are free to set up spawns like
I just did and I'm gonna run over here
and once it lights up that means you're
unable to set up another spawn location
all you need is to set up a death match
this next one is in the same building
but a different location in the building
because you know this building is pretty
fucking big so this locations right here
what you're gonna do is just put on the
wall it's near the FIB sign I remember
that's how you know it's the second
location also is it to buy if you want
to relate that to the second location my
video this one's a little more tricky uh
it doesn't really load up unless you run
to a certain point so just keep running
around and eventually it'll just start
loading everything and this is the same
place that I was just in you just gotta
run around and knock and it eventually
it loads I just get forward because it
took me like five minutes to find the
correct a loading point this next one is
in the building right next to the FIB
building on me the zoom out and you just
got to put your spawn beacon inside that
window that you can see through you and
once you do you can just go to your
character press it back remember you
have to press back to go to your
character and you'll spawn inside the
building or you can create a death match
this one's pretty small so
yeah not sure what you can do in here
but if you can do something let me know
it's pretty intense this next one is
that Michaels house now I'm not sure if
it's just because I have the character
Michael so apparently if you're playing
as Michael you'll be able to just walk
through certain doors like it's single
player hasn't lost a single player
portion of the game rather than the
multiplayer portion so certain things
like from the single player that are
open are naturally open in this so I
don't even think you have to glitch do
but if you did have two clicks to it
then you just have to put the circle
weren't well where I did um then you'll
go right through the door uh so yeah um
here's the tip for me is I would load
this up directly from single player so
certain doors will already be open for
you this next part is on the humane
society foundation whatever the fuck its
calling this big-ass fielding there's a
lot of area to cover and again if you
load it up from the single play rather
than the multiplayer I'm talking about
loading up the content creator then
certain doors will just open for you
because it still thinks here in single
player like or something like that so it
will allow you to run around and do what
you want and you can set the matches in
here that's my tip to y'all and that's
about it guys I'm gonna leave this to
you and I hope you didn't I hope you
enjoyed this video please likens please
subscribe if you haven't already I'll
see y'all next time gorman out right
me
you